---

---

# Malfare Protocols README

## Overview
This repository contains the protocols used by Malfare at:

 * [Nowhere](http://goingnowhere.org)

It aims to:

 * Make it easier to record/view changes to the protocols;
 * Ease translation burdens;
 * Allow others to use our protocols;
 * Share others' work, to reduce reinventing the wheel.

## Contributing
Amazing! You might find the [Styleguide](styleguide.md) useful.

## How to use me
The repo has been built to consider multiple languages from the start (ish) (hence English-language content living in en/)

In case of any dispute though, for Nowhere (at least), the **English** language version is **canonical**.

Translations are provided to aid those with English as a Second Language.

### I'm a normal person, not a geek
Head to build/ and navigate through the directory structure. Content can be viewed at [TBA; goingnowhere.github.io/protos/...].

### I'm a geek
Awesomes!

First: check you have a [global gitignore](https://help.github.com/articles/ignoring-files/#create-a-global-gitignore) to not add OS guff. Check that's sourced, too. Thanks 👍

Then fork the repo, clone your copy, and work from there. 

In your fork, you might find using git-flow helpful &#8212; we'd appreciate it! (especially features)

When you're ready, send a PR, and we'll consider merging it :)

We *like* doing things via PRs.

On the first time run, something like this might be useful:

	cd malfare-protocols
	bundle || gem install bundle && bundle
	
Building the html pages can be done using:

	bundle exec ./compile

## Directory structure
We have protocols in the form of:
(*foo* is the individual protocol)

 * Overview document: `foo/index.md`
 * A visio-style flowchart (these open in LibreOffice):`foo/visio/shortname.vsd`
 * The XML for the visio document, as generated by LibreOffice: `foo/xml/shortname.fodg`
 * The diagram exported as image(s): `foo/img/shortname-n.png`

(once changes are made in a Visio document, export it: save-as has the xml; export for the (png) images.)

## Colophon
The protocols have been written and edited by various members of the Malfare Team (malfare@goingnowhere.org) over the years.

Converting existing MS Word documents to MarkDown was done using [Ben Balter's *Word to Markdown* repo](https://github.com/benbalter/word-to-markdown).

The build script comes from [dxw/contracts](https://github.com/dxw/contracts).
